docs(migration docs): updated migration docs (#1034)
scania-digital-design-system/sdds: tegel/src/stories/Migration/Migration.stories.mdx

# Migration Docs

This document includes all the breaking changes when migrating from @scania/components version 4 to @scania/tegel.

## Deprecation of Native Components

In @scania/tegel we have removed all of our "native" components and instead introducing web component
counterparts to these. This means that every component that was available as a "native" component in

> @scania/components will have a web component alternative in @scania/tegel. This change does not affect the existing @scania/components package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@scania/components will have a web component counterpart in @scania/tegel. This change does not affect the existing @scania/components package.
```

# Migration Docs

> This documents inludes all the breaking changes to our components from @scania/components version 4.

Reviewer 2: "document" in singular maybe?
I thought it was good to have something like "...breaking changes when migrating from @scania/components version 4 to @scania/Tegel" for clarity.

> This documents inludes all the breaking changes to our components from @scania/components version 4.

Author: ```suggestion
This document includes all the breaking changes when migrating from @scania/components version 4 to @scania/tegel.
```

## Deprecation of Native Components

In @scania/tegel we have removed all of our "native" components and instead introducing web component
counterparts to these. This means that every component that was available as a "native" component in

> @scania/components will have a web component alternative in @scania/tegel. This change does not change

Reviewer 2: I would change the last sentence to "This change does not affect the existing @scania/components package." or something just to avoid using "change" again

> @scania/components will have a web component alternative in @scania/tegel. This change does not change
> the current @scania/components package.

Author: ```suggestion
@scania/components will have a web component alternative in @scania/tegel. This change does not affect the existing @scania/components package.
```

##### Changing mode variant

For all components, you can use the `mode-variant` prop to apply the mode variants, with `primary` or `secondary`

> as valid input (primary is default). If prop is given, the component is going to inherit the mode variant from its parent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
as valid input (primary is default). If no prop is given, the component is going to inherit the mode variant from its parent.
```
